good morning ladies and gentlemen it's
Jim again it's been a little while since
I've checked in with a video on the home
repairs but I figured I'd do one because
I accomplished a major project yesterday
let's see it's Sunday I'm standing
outside of the house between my
farmhouse and the small ranch house next
door to show you here are a couple of
nice folks living there right now Paula
and Joe and I'm panning back to the main
house and I'll tell you what that junk
is there in just a second let me just
state the camera hi it's me again I'm
just having coffee here in the morning
some freshly ground Hawaiian coffee sent
to a friend sent by a friend Sabrina and
I'm going to give you the tour hold on
okay so a couple of things that's been
done I'm gonna walk here I don't want
this to be too much too long here's the
front garden this light pole is new
since the last time we saw there's my
father's tempo all of this work here you
won't be able to see much here but this
is actually a new restored well it was
about $3,000 about a 250 foot well we
replaced the well pump extended the
casing above ground it was submerged and
restored the thing and reconnected it's
producing good water right now that was
done recently there's a front of house
it just loved it it's so cute okay so
heading back where the major work is
this is all fresh grass right here
finally it just started growing after
the excavation work now here's a pile of
stone that's been here for about three
months unfortunately you're gonna see
this is blue stone I bought a couple
pallets of it so that I could build a
patio in the back of my house however
before I could lay the patio I
discovered that I needed to do some
other work back there and that's what
caused the help hold up and so just
yesterday me and Chris been
stay significant job building the
foundation walls and the supports for
the Bilco doors you can see their debris
here of this work we laid about 30 bags
of concrete and mortar mix and you can
see the the residue here this is the
morning after we actually worked late
last night a couple of things before I
tell you about that see this wood debris
right here this is the some of the old
original siding along the bottom of the
house I actually stripped it off myself
and replaced it so I could inspect the
sill plate and put in some flashing so
you can see back here I'm gonna run
along the bottom of the house you can
see those two bottom courses exciting
the lowest course is brand new I
installed that and you can see a vinyl
little piece of stuff down there which
helps protect it from the sill plate
from moisture and so anyway here is all
the once again all the debris from the
job last night here is a concrete mixer
I bought this at Lowe's yesterday I
think it was about $250 but it was a
lifesaver you can't mix 30 bags of
concrete in rapid fashion unless you've
got something like this so renting it
was $50 a day I figured that I might end
up using it for a few days so I figured
I'd just buy it and I loved it so here's
the job that we did last night there's
some before pictures which I I can post
to to show you how big this was
essentially what we did was start about
three foot below this concrete slab and
rebuild the stone wall so we laid stone
all of that stonework down there for
about three foot down below this slab at
the top is all new so I kind of laid it
in pointed it up on both sides so
basically it was rebuilding the stone
walls
I took stone from the foundation inside
the house that I had leftover and used
it and then on the top to level it and
grade it away from the house I built
these forms last night and we poured in
about 20 bags of cement in here this is
about eight inches thick there's two
layers of reinforcing steel which I cut
and lit and put into this this is
basically to support this which is the
assemblé bilko door which sits upon this
slab and gives me access and entry to
the basement another job here which is
going to be hard to see I can't get down
there but I'm gonna see if we can get in
a little bit from in here you can see I
also rebuilt the door jamb for the
basement door this is all treated lumber
on both sides and I built a custom door
you can see the green color door
farmhouse style barn door I actually
constructed this custom using lumber
from Lowe's and attached Hardware etc
and it looks beautiful it's close it's
open right now so it's hard to see but
that job was another full day and you
can see a lot of the stripped lumber
from that job line here as well so
anyway with that I'm gonna wrap this up
so I can post it you can see a lot of
work going on it looks all disheveled
here there's garbage everywhere I'm
gonna be cleaning today to make it look
nicer in the end hopefully this place
will eventually look the way that it's
supposed to do okay anyway with that I'm
gonna sign off and get back to work
tears have a good day bye